TELCODOCS-386: Send SRO metrics as telemetry data (#41158)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/psap-special-resource-operator-using-manifests.adoc

//
// * hardware_enablement/psap-special-resource-operator.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="deploy-simple-kmod-using-local-chart_{context}"]
= Building and running the simple-kmod SpecialResource by using the templates from the SRO image

> The Special Resource Operator(SRO) image contains a local repository of Helm charts including the templates for deploying the simple-kmod kernel module. In this example, the simple-kmod kernel module is used to show how the SRO can manage a driver container that is defined in the internal SRO repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Special Resource Operator(SRO) image contains a local repository of Helm charts, including the templates for deploying the simple-kmod kernel module. In this example, the simple-kmod kernel module shows how the SRO can manage a driver container that is defined in the internal SRO repository.
```

----
$ oc create -f simple-kmod-local.yaml
----

[NOTE]
====

> If you want to remove the simple-kmod kernel module from the node, delete the simple-kmod `SpecialResource` API object using the `oc delete` command. The kernel module is unloaded when the driver container pod is deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove the simple-kmod kernel module from the node, delete the simple-kmod `SpecialResource` API object using the `oc delete` command. The kernel module is unloaded when the driver container pod is deleted.
```
